lib: bin: lwm2m_carrier: update to 3.6.0 (#17919)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/libraries/bin/lwm2m_carrier/app_integration.rst

  * :ref:`sms_readme`
  * :ref:`pdn_readme`
  * :ref:`lib_dfu_target`
  * :ref:`lib_uicc_lwm2m`

>   The inclusion of the :ref:`lib_uicc_lwm2m` library is optional via the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_UICC_LWM2M` Kconfig option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The inclusion of the :ref:`lib_uicc_lwm2m` library is optional and is added using the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_UICC_LWM2M` Kconfig option.
```

>   This module allows the LwM2M carrier library to use the bootstrap information stored on the SIM card. If present, the configuration in the SIM will take precedence over any other configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This module allows the LwM2M carrier library to use the bootstrap information stored on the SIM card. 
  If present, the configuration in the SIM takes precedence over any other configuration.
```
